README.md, before:

# Odoo Apps: Partner Contact

Collection of partner model related modules.

## Usage

Clone module into Odoo addon directory.

```bash
git clone git@github.com:mint-system/odoo-apps-partner-contact.git ./addons/partner_contact
```

## Available modules

| Module | Summary |
| --- | --- |
| [base_country_sequence](base_country_sequence) |         Add sequence field to country list. |
| [base_location_city](base_location_city) |         Location coordinates for cities. |
| [partner_contact_association](partner_contact_association) |         Manage associtaions and assign contacts. |
| [partner_contact_department_note](partner_contact_department_note) |         Set departments on contacts. |
| [partner_contact_location_in_name](partner_contact_location_in_name) |         Show zip and city in partner name. |
| [partner_contact_user_acl](partner_contact_user_acl) |         Restricted access to contacts app. |
| [partner_multiline_street2](partner_multiline_street2) |         Enable multiline text for secondary street. |
| [partner_optional_commercial_partner](partner_optional_commercial_partner) |         Option to set contact itself as commercial partner. |
| [partner_readonly_access](partner_readonly_access) |         Extra group to set contact access to readonly. |
| [partner_ref_sequence](partner_ref_sequence) |         Create a sequence for partner ref. |
| [partner_secondary_email](partner_secondary_email) |         Add secondary email to partner. |
| [partner_secondary_name](partner_secondary_name) |         Add secondary name to partner. |
| [partner_type_membership](partner_type_membership) |         Adds new partner type membership contact address. |
| [partner_type_order](partner_type_order) |         Adds new partner type order address. |
| [partner_type_sale](partner_type_sale) |         Adds new partner type sale contact address. |

Commit message:

feat: init partner email history

README.md, after:

# Odoo Apps: Partner Contact

Collection of partner model related modules.

## Usage

Clone module into Odoo addon directory.

```bash
git clone git@github.com:mint-system/odoo-apps-partner-contact.git ./addons/partner_contact
```

## Available modules

| Module | Summary |
| --- | --- |
| [base_country_sequence](base_country_sequence) |         Add sequence field to country list. |
| [base_location_city](base_location_city) |         Location coordinates for cities. |
| [partner_contact_association](partner_contact_association) |         Manage associtaions and assign contacts. |
| [partner_contact_department_note](partner_contact_department_note) |         Set departments on contacts. |
| [partner_contact_location_in_name](partner_contact_location_in_name) |         Show zip and city in partner name. |
| [partner_contact_user_acl](partner_contact_user_acl) |         Restricted access to contacts app. |
| [partner_email_history](partner_email_history) |         Show history of emails sent and received to a partner. |
| [partner_multiline_street2](partner_multiline_street2) |         Enable multiline text for secondary street. |
| [partner_optional_commercial_partner](partner_optional_commercial_partner) |         Option to set contact itself as commercial partner. |
| [partner_readonly_access](partner_readonly_access) |         Extra group to set contact access to readonly. |
| [partner_ref_sequence](partner_ref_sequence) |         Create a sequence for partner ref. |
| [partner_secondary_email](partner_secondary_email) |         Add secondary email to partner. |
| [partner_secondary_name](partner_secondary_name) |         Add secondary name to partner. |
| [partner_type_membership](partner_type_membership) |         Adds new partner type membership contact address. |
| [partner_type_order](partner_type_order) |         Adds new partner type order address. |
| [partner_type_sale](partner_type_sale) |         Adds new partner type sale contact address. |
